src/content-packs/my-course/emails/day-1.md, before:

---
subject: "Day 1: Pick your topic and map your curriculum"
preview: "The simplest framework for planning any email course — in one sitting."
---

![Planning your email course]({{assetUrl}}/images/chuttersnap-SgrHcBpexys-unsplash%20Large.jpeg)

The most common reason people never launch their email course: they can't decide what it should be about.

So today, we fix that.

## The one-sentence test

A great email course topic passes this test:

> "This course helps **[specific person]** do **[specific thing]** in **[timeframe or format]**."

"This course helps freelance designers write better proposals in 5 emails."
"This course helps new dog owners survive the first 30 days in one week of emails."
"This course helps founders write a cold email they'd actually reply to — in 3 lessons."

Notice what these have in common: **a narrow audience, a concrete outcome, a contained scope.** If your topic works at the genre level ("everything about marketing"), zoom in until it works at the example level.

## The curriculum skeleton

Email courses work best when each lesson has a clear job:

1. **Welcome** — Why this topic matters, what's coming, and the first small action
2. **Day 1** — The foundational concept. What do they need to understand before anything else works?
3. **Day 2** — The first skill or technique. Something they can apply today.
4. **Day 3** — The advanced move or the launch step. Send them off confident.

You can go up to 7 lessons, but 4–5 is the sweet spot. More than that and drop-off accelerates fast.

## Today's exercise

Open a doc and write:
1. Your one-sentence course description (use the template above)
2. Your 4–5 lesson titles — just the subject lines, nothing else yet

That's your curriculum. You just did the hardest part.

[Read the full Day 1 guide with a worked example →]({{companionUrl}})

Tomorrow: how to write emails people actually open and finish.

Commit message:

Update site configuration and enhance email course content
- Changed site name from "How to Write an Email Course" to "Steady Letter" and updated the description to reflect a broader offering of email courses.
- Introduced a structured curriculum for the email course, detailing lessons for each day, along with testimonials and FAQs to enhance user engagement.
- Refactored email shell components to include progress tracking and improved styling for better presentation.
- Updated various email templates to include demo content and actionable steps for users.

This commit aims to improve the overall user experience and clarity of the email course offerings.

src/content-packs/my-course/emails/day-1.md, after:

---
subject: "Day 1: Pick your topic and map your curriculum"
preview: "Sample lesson — this is demo content from the ContentDrip starter template."
---

> **Demo content** — This is a sample lesson. Replace it with your own in `src/content-packs/my-course/emails/day-1.md`.

![Sample image — replace with your own]({{assetUrl}}/images/chuttersnap-SgrHcBpexys-unsplash%20Large.jpeg)

The most common reason people never launch their email course: they can't decide what it should be about. This sample lesson demonstrates how to structure a teaching email.

## The one-sentence test

A great email course topic passes this test:

> "This course helps **[specific person]** do **[specific thing]** in **[timeframe or format]**."

For example:
- "This course helps freelance designers write better proposals in 5 emails."
- "This course helps new dog owners survive the first 30 days in one week of emails."

Notice what these have in common: **a narrow audience, a concrete outcome, a contained scope.**

## The curriculum skeleton

Email courses work best when each lesson has a clear job:

1. **Welcome** — Why this topic matters, what's coming, and the first small action
2. **Day 1** — The foundational concept
3. **Day 2** — The first skill or technique
4. **Day 3** — The advanced move or launch step

You can go up to 7 lessons, but 4–5 is the sweet spot.

## Sample exercise

Open a doc and write:
1. Your one-sentence course description
2. Your 4–5 lesson titles — just the subject lines

[Read the companion page →]({{companionUrl}})

Tomorrow: writing emails people actually open and finish.
