src/content-packs/my-course/emails/day-2.md, before:

---
subject: "Day 2: Write emails people actually open (and finish)"
preview: "The anatomy of a great course email — and the one mistake that kills engagement."
---

![Writing your first email]({{assetUrl}}/images/stephen-phillips-hostreviews-co-uk-3Mhgvrk4tjM-unsplash%20Large.jpeg)

You have your topic. You have your curriculum. Now let's write the first email.

## The subject line is everything

Your subject line is the only thing standing between your email and the archive folder. The formula that works best for courses:

**[Day X]: [Specific promise]**

- "Day 1: The three-sentence pitch that gets replies"
- "Day 2: Why your landing page isn't converting (and the fix)"
- "Welcome: You're 4 emails away from your first sale"

Specific beats clever. Curiosity beats clever. Both beat generic.

## The anatomy of a great course email

**1. The hook (first 2 lines)**
Start with a problem, a surprising fact, or a direct statement — not a greeting. "Hey there, hope you're doing well!" loses people before they start. "Most welcome emails have a 40% open rate and a 4% click rate. Let's talk about that gap" keeps them reading.

**2. The lesson (100–250 words)**
One idea. One email. The temptation is to pack everything in — resist it. If you find yourself writing a second concept, save it for the next lesson.

**3. The action (1 clear next step)**
Every email should end with something to do: write one sentence, fill in one template, try one thing. Small actions compound. They also make subscribers feel like they're making progress.

**4. The tease**
End with what's coming tomorrow. "Tomorrow: the distribution strategy that got me my first 500 subscribers" is a reason to look forward to the next email.

## Write your welcome email today

Use this structure:
- Hook: What problem does your course solve, right now, in 2 sentences?
- What they'll get: 3–4 specific outcomes
- First action: Small, doable today
- Tease: What's coming in Day 1?

[Read the full Day 2 guide with email templates →]({{companionUrl}})

Tomorrow: how to launch, find subscribers, and grow from zero.

Commit message:

Update site configuration and enhance email course content
- Changed site name from "How to Write an Email Course" to "Steady Letter" and updated the description to reflect a broader offering of email courses.
- Introduced a structured curriculum for the email course, detailing lessons for each day, along with testimonials and FAQs to enhance user engagement.
- Refactored email shell components to include progress tracking and improved styling for better presentation.
- Updated various email templates to include demo content and actionable steps for users.

This commit aims to improve the overall user experience and clarity of the email course offerings.

src/content-packs/my-course/emails/day-2.md, after:

---
subject: "Day 2: Write emails people actually open (and finish)"
preview: "Sample lesson — this is demo content from the ContentDrip starter template."
---

> **Demo content** — This is a sample lesson. Replace it with your own in `src/content-packs/my-course/emails/day-2.md`.

![Sample image — replace with your own]({{assetUrl}}/images/stephen-phillips-hostreviews-co-uk-3Mhgvrk4tjM-unsplash%20Large.jpeg)

You have your topic. You have your curriculum. Now let's write the first email. This sample lesson shows the anatomy of a good course email.

## Subject lines

Your subject line is the only thing standing between your email and the archive folder. The formula that works best for courses:

**[Day X]: [Specific promise]**

- "Day 1: The three-sentence pitch that gets replies"
- "Day 2: Why your landing page isn't converting (and the fix)"

Specific beats clever. Curiosity beats clever.

## The anatomy of a great course email

**1. The hook (first 2 lines)**
Start with a problem, a surprising fact, or a direct statement — not a greeting.

**2. The lesson (100–250 words)**
One idea. One email. If you find yourself writing a second concept, save it for the next lesson.

**3. The action (1 clear next step)**
Every email should end with something to do. Small actions compound.

**4. The tease**
End with what's coming next. Give subscribers a reason to look forward to tomorrow.

## Sample exercise

Draft your welcome email using this structure:
- Hook: What problem does your course solve?
- What they'll get: 3–4 specific outcomes
- First action: Small, doable today
- Tease: What's coming in Day 1?

[Read the companion page →]({{companionUrl}})

Tomorrow: launching your course and getting your first subscribers.
