src/content-packs/my-course/emails/day-3.md, before:

---
subject: "Day 3: Launch your course and get your first subscribers"
preview: "Your course is written. Here's the honest guide to filling it."
---

You've done the hard part. You have a topic, a curriculum, and at least a draft of your emails. Today we ship it.

![Your course is live]({{assetUrl}}/images/le-vu-vSlCNmZdjHQ-unsplash%20Large.jpeg)

## Your landing page: the one-sentence promise

Your landing page doesn't need to be fancy. It needs to answer one question: _What will I be able to do after taking this course?_

Your headline should be the answer to that question. Not "Welcome to my email course." Not the name of the course. The outcome.

- "Write a cold email you'd actually reply to — in 3 lessons"
- "Survive your first month with a rescue dog. One email a day for 5 days."
- "Go from zero to your first freelance client — free, via email"

ContentDrip's built-in subscribe form handles signup, email confirmation, and delivery scheduling. You just need to write the headline.

## Where to find your first subscribers

**Existing audience first.** Post about it once — Twitter/X, LinkedIn, a newsletter, a Slack community you're part of. Don't over-explain. Share the landing page with your one-sentence promise. That's it.

**Niche communities second.** Find 2–3 online communities (subreddits, Discord servers, Facebook groups) where your specific audience hangs out. Add genuine value first, then mention the course once when it's relevant.

**Referrals third.** Add a line to your final email: "If this helped you, forward it to someone who'd find it useful." One sentence. No pressure. It works.

## The honest truth about growth

Your first version will not be perfect. That's fine. The best email courses get better through iteration — better subject lines, tightened lessons, more useful actions. The only way to improve is to launch and learn.

Start with 10 subscribers. Then 50. Then 100. Each iteration makes the course better for the next person who finds it.

## You're done

You built something real. A course that delivers itself, on a schedule your subscribers choose, to their inbox — forever.

Here's your recap:

- **Day 1** — Topic validated, curriculum mapped
- **Day 2** — Emails written with hooks, lessons, and actions
- **Day 3** — Landing page live, first subscribers incoming

[Read the full Day 3 guide with a launch checklist →]({{companionUrl}})

Go launch it. Then come back and make it better.

Commit message:

Update site configuration and enhance email course content
- Changed site name from "How to Write an Email Course" to "Steady Letter" and updated the description to reflect a broader offering of email courses.
- Introduced a structured curriculum for the email course, detailing lessons for each day, along with testimonials and FAQs to enhance user engagement.
- Refactored email shell components to include progress tracking and improved styling for better presentation.
- Updated various email templates to include demo content and actionable steps for users.

This commit aims to improve the overall user experience and clarity of the email course offerings.

src/content-packs/my-course/emails/day-3.md, after:

---
subject: "Day 3: Launch your course and get your first subscribers"
preview: "Sample lesson — this is demo content from the ContentDrip starter template."
---

> **Demo content** — This is the final sample lesson. Replace it with your own in `src/content-packs/my-course/emails/day-3.md`.

You've done the hard part. You have a topic, a curriculum, and at least a draft of your emails. Today we ship it — or at least, that's what this placeholder lesson pretends.

![Sample image — replace with your own]({{assetUrl}}/images/le-vu-vSlCNmZdjHQ-unsplash%20Large.jpeg)

## Your landing page

Your landing page needs to answer one question: _What will I be able to do after taking this course?_

Your headline should be the outcome — not the name of the course.

- "Write a cold email you'd actually reply to — in 3 lessons"
- "Survive your first month with a rescue dog. One email a day for 5 days."

ContentDrip's subscribe form handles signup, confirmation, and delivery scheduling automatically.

## Where to find subscribers

**Existing audience first.** Post about it once — Twitter/X, LinkedIn, a newsletter, a Slack community you're part of.

**Niche communities second.** Find 2–3 online communities where your audience hangs out.

**Referrals third.** Add a line to your final email: "If this helped you, forward it to someone who'd find it useful."

## That's the demo course

This was a sample 4-email course to show you the ContentDrip format. Here's what to do next:

1. Edit the markdown files in `src/content-packs/my-course/emails/`
2. Update the pack config in `src/content-packs/my-course/pack.ts`
3. Customize the email shell in `src/content-packs/my-course/email-shell.tsx`
4. Replace the homepage content in `src/app/page.tsx`

[Read the companion page →]({{companionUrl}})

Go build something real.
