src/content-packs/my-course/emails/welcome.md, before:

---
subject: "You're in — here's what we're building together"
preview: "Email courses have 3–5× higher completion rates than video. Here's why that matters for you."
---

You just signed up for an email course *about* email courses. Which means you already understand the format — and that's actually a great start.

Over the next 3 days, you'll build the foundations of your first email course: a topic that fits, a curriculum that flows, and emails people will actually finish reading.

## What you'll have by Day 3

- A validated course topic (no more "but who would even care about this?")
- A 3–5 email curriculum mapped out, lesson by lesson
- Your first email written and ready to send
- A simple plan for getting your first subscribers

## Why email courses work

Most online courses have a 3–15% completion rate. Email courses routinely hit 40–60%. The reason is simple: the inbox is where people actually pay attention. You're not asking them to log into a platform, find their course, and remember where they left off. You show up for them — on a schedule they chose.

That's what ContentDrip makes possible. You write the course once. It delivers itself, on repeat, to everyone who signs up.

![Your email course, running on autopilot]({{assetUrl}}/images/brett-jordan-LPZy4da9aRo-unsplash%20Large.jpeg)

## Your first task (takes 5 minutes)

Before tomorrow's lesson, write down 3 things you know well enough to teach in 3–5 emails. They don't have to be earth-shattering. The best email courses are narrow, specific, and immediately useful.

Think: "How to do X" or "The beginner's guide to Y" — not "Everything about Z."

[Read the full welcome guide →]({{companionUrl}})

See you tomorrow with Day 1: choosing your topic and mapping your curriculum.

Commit message:

Update site configuration and enhance email course content
- Changed site name from "How to Write an Email Course" to "Steady Letter" and updated the description to reflect a broader offering of email courses.
- Introduced a structured curriculum for the email course, detailing lessons for each day, along with testimonials and FAQs to enhance user engagement.
- Refactored email shell components to include progress tracking and improved styling for better presentation.
- Updated various email templates to include demo content and actionable steps for users.

This commit aims to improve the overall user experience and clarity of the email course offerings.

src/content-packs/my-course/emails/welcome.md, after:

---
subject: "Welcome — here's what this demo course covers"
preview: "This is a sample email from the ContentDrip starter template."
---

> **Demo content** — This is a sample lesson from the ContentDrip starter template. Replace all emails in `src/content-packs/my-course/emails/` with your own.

You just signed up for a demo email course *about* email courses. The content below is placeholder text to show you what a real course email looks like.

Over the next 3 sample lessons, you'll see examples of how to structure drip-fed content: a topic that fits, a curriculum that flows, and emails people will actually finish reading.

## What a subscriber would get by Day 3

- A validated course topic
- A 3–5 email curriculum mapped out, lesson by lesson
- Their first email written and ready to send
- A simple plan for getting their first subscribers

## Why the email course format works

Most online courses have a 3–15% completion rate. Email courses routinely hit 40–60%. The reason: the inbox is where people actually pay attention. No logins, no forgotten bookmarks — you show up for them on a schedule they chose.

That's what ContentDrip makes possible. You write the course once. It delivers itself, on repeat, to everyone who signs up.

![Sample hero image — replace with your own]({{assetUrl}}/images/brett-jordan-LPZy4da9aRo-unsplash%20Large.jpeg)

## Sample action step

Before the next lesson, write down 3 things you know well enough to teach in 3–5 emails. They don't have to be earth-shattering — narrow, specific, and immediately useful is best.

[Read the companion page →]({{companionUrl}})

Next up: Day 1 — picking a topic and mapping a curriculum.
